He paused for another round of guffaws. “You’ll be sleeping on the splintery floor with a dozen other louses like yourself. Now get belowdecks before I change me mind and make it the floor of the sea.”

Dak and Sera rushed off, rejoining Riq and following a small crowd of others who looked as pathetic as they. Down the ladders they went, into the stinky bowels of the ship.

As they descended, Dak noticed that Salvador and Raul had come along, not far behind, then broken off to go somewhere else. Before Dak could think about the danger, he grabbed Sera and Riq by the hands and led them in the direction the brothers had gone.

“What’s our plan?” asked Riq in a low voice.

“I don’t know,” whispered Dak. “But they’re probably going to talk about what just happened, right? Maybe we can listen in. Maybe we can offer to help with their investigation, so we can figure out who’s on which side.”

They rounded a tight corner just as a cabin door thumped shut ahead of them. Neither of his friends protested as he crept up to the door — in fact, they followed him, crouching close to listen. Dak’s heart pounded like a gorilla trapped in a cage — they couldn’t risk this for long. The three of them leaned in and put their ears against the wood.

The voices were too muffled to reveal which brother was which, but their words were clear enough.

“It’s going to be tougher than we thought.”

“How did he find out? I thought we’d rooted out all the spies.”

“I don’t know. But this better be the last time we have to do all the dirty work.”

“You know it will be. We’ll rise quickly up the ranks of the SQ once this is done.”

Dak’s heart had slowed, but it was also breaking. He’d known deep down that this was probably the reason they were here — that the mutiny was one of the Great Breaks, that it never should have happened — but it still hurt to hear it.

Heavy footsteps sounded, and the three of them straightened up and scurried away from the door — a good thing because Eyeball came thumping around the corner.