The hand left her mouth, then she was pulled up and onto her feet.

Someone stood behind her, keeping her hands clasped painfully in the small of her back. She heard the smack of stone against stone, saw a spark, and then a lantern lit up, its flame small but casting enough light for her to see a man standing just a couple of feet away, regarding her coldly.

With one eye.

"LOOKS LIKE we have some talkers in our midst,” Eyeball said. “Talkin’ about things that ain’t none of their bidness. And . . . spying.”

Dak and Riq were right next to Sera, held by two more of Eyeball’s thugs.

She couldn’t even move enough to turn and get a good look at them.

A few people had awakened on the floor around them, including Ricardo.

She eyed him, trying to warn him to keep quiet. The thought crossed her mind that maybe he had betrayed her and Dak somehow, but the look on his face was genuine shock. With some fear thrown in.

“Nothin’ to say for yourself, eh?” Eyeball asked with a sneer. “At least you’ve got some gumption, I’ll give you that. Take these brats to the brig and make sure they don’t get no breakfast.”

Sera concentrated on not crying as the burly men dragged her away.

She didn’t think it possible, but they went even deeper into the ship, to a dank, smelly pit that had several small cells along its length, each outfitted with bars and chains. All of them were empty, which didn’t surprise Sera considering they had just left the dock. They had the honor of being the first criminals of the voyage.

Eyeball opened up one of the cells and the men literally tossed Dak, Sera, and Riq into it. Sera landed with a thump, smacking her head against the wall.

She cried out, the first sound she’d made since being taken. Dak grunted then rolled up into a ball, moaning with pain. Riq lay on his stomach, his head nestled in his arms as if he were asleep.

There was a rattle of chains then the click of a lock. Sera looked back to see Eyeball staring down at her through the bars of their new prison.