“Okay. Sounds good to me.” She gave him a smile — a sudden confidence had filled her, though she had no idea where it came from. From the Remnant? A feeling that someone loved her and believed in her — even if it was someone she’d never met? Maybe. Either way, she’d take it.

“Then follow me,” Eyeball said. He set off down the cramped hallway, and the Riffraff army went with him.

Sera could smell the salty air as they got closer, could feel the coolness of it. She didn’t care anymore if they had to fight with men twice her size — at least she’d be able to pull clean, crisp air into her lungs.

Eyeball stopped them at the foot of a steep, almost vertical wooden staircase that led up to the decks, then lined them up against the wall. Sera could see the stars through the hole at the top and she felt a rush of excitement. Dak was beside her, holding a curved sword that looked like it could chop heads off with ease.

“It’s called a scimitar,” he said. “Or it will be eventually, but they haven’t actually coined the term yet. It originated in the Middle East, where —”

“Not now,” Sera said. “Not now.”

“Okay.”

But his gaze didn’t drop from her eyes, and a lot was said between them in the next couple of seconds without a word being spoken. That they were best friends; that they’d been through a lot and were about to go through their worst. But they were together and that made everything all right. They could do this.

Eyeball had climbed up the stairs until his head disappeared past the threshold. After looking in all directions, he crouched back down and called for Dak to come with him.

“Good luck,” Sera said.

“Same to you. Remember, as soon as we know Columbus is safe, we need to get out of here. You be ready with that Ring.”

“I will. It’ll all be over soon.”

Dak grinned. “Until we move on to the second Break and have to start all over.”

“Right.”

“Boy!” Eyeball roared — as much as he could while whispering.

Somehow he managed it. “Get up here!”

Dak gave one last nod to Sera then scrambled up the stairs, almost face-planting into Eyeball’s rear end before he realized how fast he was going. The two of them slipped into the night air and out of sight. A hush fell over everything.