For some reason, Thomas didn’t care about the Maps that much—they seemed pointless anyway. He stood
outside the window of the Slammer, having left Newt and Minho when they went to investigate the
sabotage of the Map Room. Thomas had noticed them exchange an odd look before they split up, almost
as if communicating some secret with their eyes. But Thomas could think of only one thing.
“Teresa?” he asked.
Her face appeared, hands rubbing her eyes. “Was anybody killed?” she asked, somewhat groggy.
“Were you sleeping?” Thomas asked. He was relieved to see that she appeared okay, felt himself
relax.
“I was,” she responded. “Until I heard something shred the Homestead to bits. What happened?”
Thomas shook his head in disbelief. “I don’t know how you could’ve slept through the sound of all
those Grievers out here.”
“You try coming out of a coma sometime. See how you do.” Now answer my question, she said inside
his head.
Thomas blinked, momentarily surprised by the voice since she hadn’t done it in a while. “Cut that junk
out.”
“Just tell me what happened.”
Thomas sighed; it was such a long story, and he didn’t feel like telling the whole thing. “You don’t
know Gally, but he’s a psycho kid who ran away. He showed up, jumped on a Griever, and they all took
off into the Maze. It was really weird.” He still couldn’t believe it had actually happened.
“Which is saying a lot,” Teresa said.
“Yeah.” He looked behind him, hoping to see Alby somewhere. Surely he’d let Teresa out now.
Gladers were scattered all over the complex, but there was no sign of their leader. He turned back to
Teresa. “I just don’t get it. Why would the Grievers have left after getting Gally? He said something about
themkilling us one a night until we were all dead—he said it at least twice.”
Teresa put her hands through the bars, rested her forearms against the concrete sill. “Just one a night?
Why?”
“I don’t know. He also said it had to do with ... trials. Or variables. Something like that.” Thomas had
the same strange urge he’d had the night before—to reach out and take one of her hands. He stopped
himself, though.