The floor of the courtyard looked like it was made of huge stone blocks, many of them cracked and
filled with long grasses and weeds. An odd, dilapidated wooden building near one of the corners of the
square contrasted greatly with the gray stone. A few trees surrounded it, their roots like gnarled hands
digging into the rock floor for food. Another corner of the compound held gardens—from where he was
standing Thomas recognized corn, tomato plants, fruit trees.
Across the courtyard from there stood wooden pens holding sheep and pigs and cows. A large grove of
trees filled the final corner; the closest ones looked crippled and close to dying. The sky overhead was
cloudless and blue, but Thomas could see no sign of the sun despite the brightness of the day. The
creeping shadows of the walls didn’t reveal the time or direction—it could be early morning or late
afternoon. As he breathed in deeply, trying to settle his nerves, a mixture of smells bombarded him.
Freshly turned dirt, manure, pine, something rotten and something sweet. Somehow he knew that these
were the smells of a farm.
Thomas looked back at his captors, feeling awkward but desperate to ask questions. Captors, he
thought. Then, Why did that word pop into my head? He scanned their faces, taking in each expression,
judging them. One boy’s eyes, flared with hatred, stopped him cold. He looked so angry, Thomas
wouldn’t have been surprised if the kid came at him with a knife. He had black hair, and when they made
eye contact, the boy shook his head and turned away, walking toward a greasy iron pole with a wooden
bench next to it. A multicolored flag hung limply at the top of the pole, no wind to reveal its pattern.
Shaken, Thomas stared at the boy’s back until he turned and took a seat. Thomas quickly looked away.
Suddenly the leader of the group—perhaps he was seventeen—took a step forward. He wore normal
clothes: black T-shirt, jeans, tennis shoes, a digital watch. For some reason the clothing here surprised
Thomas; it seemed like everyone should be wearing something more menacing—like prison garb. The
dark-skinned boy had short-cropped hair, his face clean shaven. But other than the permanent scowl, there
was nothing scary about himat all.