It bothered Thomas that Chuck didn’t seemto care about what he’d just said. That he seemed indifferent
to having his life taken away from him. What was wrong with these people? Thomas got to his feet and
started walking toward the eastern opening. “Well, no one said I couldn’t look around.” He needed to
learn something or he was going to lose his mind.
“Whoa, wait!” Chuck cried, running to catch up. “Be careful, those puppies are about to close.” He
already sounded out of breath.
“Close?” Thomas repeated. “What are you talking about?”
“The Doors, you shank.”
“Doors? I don’t see any doors.” Thomas knew Chuck wasn’t just making stuff up—he knew he was
missing something obvious. He grew uneasy and realized he’d slowed his pace, not so eager to reach the
walls anymore.
“What do you call those big openings?” Chuck pointed up at the enormously tall gaps in the walls. They
were only thirty feet away now.
“I’d call thembig openings,” Thomas said, trying to counter his discomfort with sarcasm and
disappointed that it wasn’t working.
“Well, they’re doors. And they close up every night.”
Thomas stopped, thinking Chuck had to have said something wrong. He looked up, looked side to side,
examined the massive slabs of stone as the uneasy feeling blossomed into outright dread. “What do you
mean, they close?”
“Just see for yourself in a minute. The Runners’ll be back soon; then those big walls are going to move
until the gaps are closed.”
“You’re jacked in the head,” Thomas muttered. He couldn’t see how the mammoth walls could
possibly be mobile—felt so sure of it he relaxed, thinking Chuck was just playing a trick on him.
They reached the huge split that led outside to more stone pathways. Thomas gaped, his mind emptying
of thought as he saw it all firsthand.
“This is called the East Door,” Chuck said, as if proudly revealing a piece of art he’d created.
Thomas barely heard him, shocked by how much bigger it was up close. At least twenty feet across, the
break in the wall went all the way to the top, far above. The edges that bordered the vast opening were
smooth, except for one odd, repeating pattern on both sides. On the left side of the East Door, deep holes
several inches in diameter and spaced a foot apart were bored into the rock, beginning near the ground
and continuing all the way up.