Several seconds passed, the two of them staring down at the brass doorknob.

  “Well?” Tick asked.

  “Oh . . . yeah.” Somewhat sheepish, Dad reached forward and twisted the handle, pushed, then pulled his hand back like he expected a troll to jump out and bite it off.

  As the door swung open with a long, groaning creak that echoed through the house, a wave of light from the hallway spread over the carpet like a rising tide. Tick tensed, sure the strange something would dart at them the second it had a chance, scuttling across the floor like a possessed badger. But he saw nothing unusual.

  Dad reached around the edge of the doorframe and turned on the bedroom light. In an instant, every last shadow in the room disappeared, bringing a completely different feel to everything.

  Tick felt his fear go down a notch. Just a notch. “Maybe it went under the bed again.”

  Letting out a big sigh, Dad walked over and knelt down next to the bed, where a heavy quilt draped nearly to the floor, hiding the space underneath. “Listen, Tick, I’m not gonna lie to you—you’ve got me just as freaked out as you.”

  “Really?”

  “Let’s just say if something runs out at me, I’m going to scream like a little girl and run to your mom.”

  Tick laughed. “Me, too.”

  Dad quickly pulled up the quilt and beamed the flashlight under the bed, sweeping it back and forth like a sword of sunshine. Nothing but a few random books scattered across the dusty carpet. “Not under there,” he said with relief. He leaned against the bed to push himself to his feet—no small effort for a man the size of Edgar Higginbottom.

  “The closet?” Tick said, licking his dry lips.

  “Yeah, the closet. Where every monster that’s ever eaten a child dwells. Just great.”

  They edged across the room, which now seemed as wide as the Sahara Desert. Tick noticed his dad tiptoeing, which for some reason made him laugh, though it came out sounding like a panicked hyena cornered by three starving lions.

  “What?” Dad asked, settling back down onto his heels.

  “Nothing. Go for it.” Tick gestured to the closet door, which stood ajar a couple of inches.

  Dad reached out and flung it open, then took a quick step back. Nothing moved in the cluttered pile of dirty clothes, sports balls, Frisbees, and other junk. There didn’t seem to be enough space for a mechanical dog-sized monster to hide.