Nothing happened, of course. But something should have. Those doors should have opened and two people should have walked through, calling her name with smiles on their faces.

Sera didn’t understand it. She didn’t understand it in the slightest.

But she knew. Those two people were her parents.

She’d never met them, and she never would.

THE FIRST thing Sera wanted to do when the Remnant faded was go tell Dak about it. She always did. He himself had never experienced a major one —

nothing that couldn’t be explained away as déjà vu or a simple forgotten memory — so he didn’t totally understand. But he tried to, and for her that was good enough. Plus, his parents were out of town for the weekend, so she knew he could use the company. Usually his grandma came over when his parents were gone, but she was older than most trees and spoke about as often as one.

Dak was in a lawn chair when she arrived, sitting under the branches of an apple tree as he read from a gigantic book. Normal people used their SQuare for such a thing, but not Dak. He’d search every library in town until he found the printed version of what he wanted, no matter how old it was or how battered.

“What’re you reading?” she asked him.

He didn’t answer, his nose buried in the pages and his eyes’ focused stare moving across and down, across and down. This was classic Dak. She waited a few seconds to be polite, then kicked him in the shin.

“Ow!” he yelled. The book slipped out of his hands and tumbled off the chair to land in a heap of brown leather and torn paper. The book was so old it had completely fallen apart.

“Oops!” Sera said. “Sorry. That’s why you should do your reading on a SQuare.”

“Yeah, because it’d be way better to drop an expensive computer. Mrs.

Pierce is gonna kill me!”

An empty chair stood on the other side of the tree, and Sera dragged it over to sit and help collect the destroyed book’s remains. “What was this anyway?” she asked, turning over the yellowed pages to get a look.