Shrieking curses at no one in particular, he ran to the phone and answered it. Just as he expected, Sera’s uncle was ranting and raving on the other end, wondering where she was — it was nearly curfew, and officers could pop in for a random check any minute. Dak apologized profusely, saying he’d get her right away. He thought Sera knew better than to risk being out past ten.

Plus, her uncle had a really annoying nasally voice when he was ticked off.

“Sera!” Dak yelled when he burst through the iron door — as much as he could burst through it when the thing weighed more than the limestone blocks used to construct the Great Pyramid of Giza. “Do you have any clue what time it is? Your uncle’s having a hissy fit! He says he won’t cover for you if the SQ come around asking why you’re out past curfew.”

She didn’t panic like he thought she would. Instead, she slowly stood up and turned to him. Somehow her face looked both exhausted and full of energy.

Dak almost wanted to take a step back. “Um . . . you okay, there?”

“The Infinity Ring is a time-travel device,” she said, as calm as he’d ever seen her. “And I figured out the missing piece. I know how to make it work.”

TIME TRAVEL. Dak didn’t know which was cooler: The idea that such a thing was possible, or the fact that his parents might have been the ones to figure it out. Although he didn’t know if he quite believed it, he couldn’t help being excited at the very idea.

He spent almost every minute of Sunday with Sera, and he only understood about twenty percent of what came out of her mouth. She was working in the lab, reprogramming the Infinity Ring as he sat and watched.

Making it even more annoying, she started half of her sentences with phrases like, “It’s really simple if you think about it” or “Obviously” or “As you well know . . .”

And the words she used! “Space-time” and “relativity” and “cosmic strings” and “tachyons” and “quantum this” and “quantum that.” Dak had a splintering headache by noon and no amount of medicine would make it go away.