Dak stuck with telling the story backward — he wanted to leave that little tidbit about him stealing their keys until the very end. “It took all weekend, but Sera was able to fill in your missing piece, and now it works.”

Sera was fidgeting beside him, still on the couch, her knees bouncing. His parents shared a look that he couldn’t quite read.

Dak decided to keep going, thinking this just might work without an explosion of rage, groundings, unnecessary murders, stuff like that. “Look, we can fill in all the details later — but this is exciting, right? We need to get out there! Sera can explain, but the Infinity Ring is ready to be tested!”

“Who else knows about this?” Dak’s mom said. Her voice was flat and commanding — it actually scared Dak a little.

“What . . . what do you mean?” he asked. Sera stood beside him now, and he could tell she sensed the bad shift in the mood.

Dak’s mother put her hands on his shoulders. “This is important, son. Did you tell anyone what you were up to? Anyone at all? Your grandmother, maybe? Sera’s uncle?”

“No,” Dak said. He looked over at Sera, who shook her head. “Mom, what’s going on?”

Dak’s dad drew the curtains closed, his face pinched with worry. “This isn’t a game, Dak. What on earth were you thinking?”

He yelled that last bit, something Dak had never, not once, experienced before.

“I’m sorry, Dad. But . . . we figured it out.”

“You also might’ve signed our death warrants,” his mom replied.

“We can’t waste another second,” his dad said. “Show us.”

THE NEXT couple of hours were a complete nightmare. First, Dak had to sit through Sera’s explanations on how everything worked and how she’d figured it out. His parents were short and bitter as they asked questions and demanded answers. Then Sera’s uncle came over and caused a major scene when he started screaming and yelling. Somehow Dak’s dad was able to calm the old geezer down, convince him that Sera desperately needed their help with an important homework project, and send him on his way.