Because if Alexander’s fate had gone wrong, it seemed to him that other problems would likely arise as time marched on. He called these incidents Breaks, and Alexander the Great’s murder was only the first.”

“But people die every day!” Sera said. “And think about how many horrible things have happened throughout history. All the wars, all the abuse, all the suffering. How could we possibly go back and stop every tragedy?”

Mari was shaking her head before Sera had even finished. “It’s not like that. This isn’t necessarily about bad things that have happened. For good or ill, most of history is part of the natural fabric of reality. We’re talking about events that never should have happened to begin with.”

“I don’t buy it,” Sera said.

“Sera . . .” Dak began.

“No! Dak, you’re too trusting. I can understand that this Aristotle guy was torn up over his student getting killed. I totally get that he’d wish he could go back and change what had happened. But who is he to decide what was supposed to happen and what wasn’t? How could he possibly know that?”

“Because of the Remnant,” Brint answered. The cheeriness in his voice had disappeared entirely. He caught Sera’s eyes. “Ah. I think you know what I mean. I think you’ve experienced a Remnant yourself, haven’t you? They’re unpleasant as a general rule. And Aristotle experienced the very first Remnant in history.”

“That definitely wasn’t in the biography I read,” said Dak. “And it was a very long biography.”

“It wouldn’t have made any of the public records,” Mari explained.

“Aristotle had a traumatic vision at Alexander’s funeral — a vision of the great man and leader that Alexander would have become. But he knew better than to speak of it — after all, Karanos was king now, and suggesting that he shouldn’t be king would have been treason. So Aristotle only shared this knowledge with a small group of trusted friends and students. These were the first Hystorians, and they began a tradition that’s stretched throughout centuries and across continents, documenting the subsequent Breaks. In effect, we’ve been recording an entire secret history.”