The screen instantly flashed white, and for about half a second Dak thought it was the beginning of a massive explosion that would incinerate him. But then words started to appear.

Break #1

Sally forth, astute and wise

Search the page, find the prize

Centuries pass, mind and heart

Devoted to the Memory’s Art

Dak smiled. “What did I tell you? I solved it with my eyes closed.”

But his victory was short-lived. Below the poem was the most confusing image Dak had ever seen, a hodgepodge of circles and broken lines and shapes. There were Greek letters on one side of the image, and the word

“lagoon” on the other.

“What the heck is that?” he asked.

“Spain,” Riq whispered. “We need to go to Spain.”

“HUH?” SERA asked. “What hat did you pull that out of?”

Dak had just been about to ask the same thing. Nothing in the weird picture seemed to suggest Spain. Or anything else for that matter.

Riq was obviously trying to hide a satisfied smile — but not too hard. It sneaked its way across his face. “They gave us something easy to start with. I could’ve done this one after just a couple of lessons.”

“Lessons in what?” Dak asked.

“I told you before — The Art of Memory.”

Sera was nodding. “They mentioned that to us, but didn’t say much about it.”

“It’s an image-based memory trick.” Riq pointed to the screen. “It’s been scrambled up beyond recognition, but if you imagine rotating the pieces around, you can see it’s the Spanish coat of arms.”

Dak leaned in for a closer look. If he squinted, he could almost make it out. “Spain, huh?”

“Not just Spain,” Riq said. “But a city and date, too. The Greek letters actually stand in for numbers — a common practice. And lagoon in Latin is palus. We need to go to Palos de la Frontera on August 3, 1492.”

Dak recognized the time and place. There was only one possible explanation for why they’d need to go there.

“Hey, you in there?”

Dak blinked — Sera was snapping her fingers under his nose. “Sorry, just accessing the genius shelf in my brain. I know what we need to do.”