Dak gave her a worried smile. “Yeah, but now we know he’ll be looking for us. It really stinks that we can’t walk around the village and enjoy the sights a little.”

She blinked at him. “Are you serious? That’s your biggest concern right now?”

“Hey, we might see my parents, too! You said they’d be drawn to the Breaks. What if they’re here?”

Riq cut in. “Our biggest worry is solving that riddle and finding a Hystorian. If we can’t do that, what does it matter?”

“Well,” Dak said. “Who’s got an idea?”

“I think we should go to the local beekeeper,” Riq offered. “Seems pretty obvious to me.”

“The beekeeper?” Dak scoffed. Then he was off. “Okay, okay. Sometimes it pains me to have to explain such obvious stuff to people, but at least you were smart enough to know that beekeeping was a big deal in those — in these — days. Without the development of sugarcane, they needed the honey

— plus the beeswax was vital for the candle-making industry.”

“Right,” Riq said, his voice full of annoyance. “I figured as much. So why are you talking to me like I’m an idiot?”

Dak looked flabbergasted. “Because. Hello? Towns and cities didn’t have beekeepers! That was all done in the abbeys and monasteries, nowhere near a place like this. Good grief.”

“Well, aren’t I just the dumbest person who ever lived?” Riq asked.

“Do you really want me to answer?” Dak said.

“You guys, seriously,” said Sera. “For the love of mince —”

Just then something clicked. Like a lock falling into place inside Sera’s mind. The words of the poem clarified in her thoughts. “Don’t worry,” she said, trying to hide the rush of excitement. “I got it. I know the answer.”

“What?” Dak asked. “You do? How? Who is it? Where?”

Sera grinned. “Our Hystorian is a butcher.”

The poem had no real meaning — it had just been trying to spell out a word. “Bee” in the first line. “You” in the second. Then “tee” and “sea.”

BUTC. And finally it said that it ended with “her.” BUTCHER.

It took a while to explain, but in the end Sera just hushed their questions.

If she was wrong, they’d keep looking. For now their problem was making it to the butcher without being spotted by the Time Warden.

“I’ll take the lead this time,” she said. She realized she was clutching the satchel at her side in a tight fist, as if someone might snatch it away if she didn’t. “You two keep a lookout while I decide which way we should go.”