DAK WANTED to ask a million questions as the woman — who wielded her club like a knight wields his sword — led them to her shop. But she shushed him, told him to wait. People along the street gave them odd looks as they walked by, but none that lingered enough for him to worry too much. They reached the place they’d seen earlier, by the inn, and went through the front part — filled with hanging carcasses and wooden tables and lots and lots of knives — into a back room that held a few chairs.

Gloria motioned for them to have a seat, and then she took one herself after hanging her bloody apron on a hook. Dak couldn’t help but notice how everything seemed more intense in the past — by the ocean, everything had seemed sharper and fresher, but in this cramped room, dirt was dirtier, smells were smellier.

“So,” she said. “There’s no need to beat around the bush too much. I’ve been trained for this day, but I have to admit I never thought it would come.

I’m just going to ask you a simple question, and I want a simple answer. You ready for it?”

Dak nodded, as did the others.

Gloria leaned forward and put her elbows on her knees. “Are you from the future?”

“Yes,” Dak said immediately. “We’re from the future.” He had to keep himself from smiling at the very idea.

“Good,” the woman responded. “You look out of sorts, quite honestly, and the man who was chasing you comes from a long line of SQ thugs. I won’t bother with the usual ‘I can’t believe it’ and the ‘you can’t be serious’ mess. I swore my life to this cause, and I’ll accept it now that I’m seeing it.” A broad smile spread across her face.

“Pretty cool, huh?” Dak said, letting his own smile come through now. He could see the kidlike excitement in the woman’s eyes, and he knew she was a true ally.

“What’s it like?” Gloria asked. “The future where you come from?”

Sera and Riq seemed more than happy to let Dak answer. “In some ways it’s amazing. We have airplanes — they’re like ships that fly — and ways to talk to people on the other side of the planet as if they were sitting right next to you. There are huge buildings that are hundreds of spans high. We’ve even sent people to walk on the moon.”