Hades's palm filled with black fire.
"Go ahead," Nico said. "Blast me. That's just what the other gods would expect from you. Prove them
right."
"Yes, please," Demeter complained. "Shut him up."
Persephone sighed. "Oh, I don't know. I would rather fight in the war than eat another bowl of cereal.
This is boring."
Hades roared in anger. His fireball hit a silver tree right next to Nico, melting it into a pool of liquid
metal.
And my dream changed.
I was standing outside the United Nations, about a mile northeast of the Empire State Building. The
Titan army had set up camp all around the UN complex. The flagpoles were hung with horrible
trophies—helmets and armor pieces from defeated campers. All along First Avenue, giants sharpened
their axes. Telkhines repaired armor at makeshift forges.
Kronos himself paced at the top of the plaza, swinging his scythe so his dracaenae bodyguards stayed
way back. Ethan Nakamura and Prometheus stood nearby, out of slicing range. Ethan was fidgeting with
his shield straps, but Prometheus looked as calm and collected as ever in his tuxedo.
"I hate this place," Kronos growled. "United Nations. As if mankind could ever unite. Remind me to
tear down this building after we destroy Olympus."
"Yes, lord." Prometheus smiled as if his master's anger amused him. "Shall we tear down the stables
in Central Park too? I know how much horses can annoy you."
"Don't mock me, Prometheus! Those cursed centaurs will be sorry they interfered. I will feed them to
the hellhounds, starting with that son of mine—that weakling Chiron."
Prometheus shrugged. "That weakling destroyed an entire legion of telkhines with his arrows."
Kronos swung his scythe and cut a flagpole in half. The national colors of Brazil toppled into the
army, squashing a dracaena.
"We will destroy them!" Kronos roared. "It is time to unleash the drakon. Nakamura, you will do
this."
"Y-yes, lord. At sunset?"
"No," Kronos said. "Immediately. The defenders of Olympus are badly wounded. They will not
expect a quick attack. Besides, we know this drakon they cannot beat."