"No!" Kronos bellowed after a moment of stunned silence. "NO!"
"NOW, MY BRETHREN!" Poseidon's voice was so loud I wasn't sure if I was hearing it from the
smoke image or from all the way across town. "STRIKE FOR OLYMPUS!"
Warriors burst out of the river, riding the waves on huge sharks and dragons and sea horses. It was a
legion of Cyclopes, and leading them into battle was . . .
"Tyson!" I yelled.
I knew he couldn't hear me, but I stared at him in amazement. He'd magically grown in size. He had
to be thirty feet tall, as big as any of his older cousins, and for the first time he was wearing full battle
armor. Riding behind him was Briares, the Hundred-Handed One.
All the Cyclopes held huge lengths of black iron chains—big enough to anchor a battleship—with
grappling hooks at the ends. They swung them like lassos and began to ensnare Typhon, throwing lines
around the creature's legs and arms, using the tide to keep circling, slowly tangling him. Typhon shook
and roared and yanked at the chains, pulling some of the Cyclopes off their mounts; but there were too
many chains. The sheer weight of the Cyclops battalion began to weigh Typhon down. Poseidon threw
his trident and impaled the monster in the throat. Golden blood, immortal ichor, spewed from the wound,
making a waterfall taller than a skyscraper. The trident flew back to Poseidon's hand.
The other gods struck with renewed force. Ares rode in and stabbed Typhon in the nose. Artemis shot
the monster in the eye with a dozen silver arrows. Apollo shot a blazing volley of arrows and set the
monster's loincloth on fire. And Zeus kept pounding the giant with lightning, until finally, slowly, the
water rose, wrapping Typhon like a cocoon, and he began to sink under the weight of the chains. Typhon
bellowed in agony, thrashing with such force that waves sloshed the Jersey shore, soaking five-story
buildings and splashing over the George Washington Bridge—but down he went as my dad opened a
special tunnel for him at the bottom of the river—an endless waterslide that would take him straight to
Tartarus. The giant's head went under in a seething whirlpool, and he was gone. 