The gods set about repairing the throne room, which went surprisingly fast with twelve superpowerful
beings at work. Grover and I cared for the wounded, and once the sky bridge re-formed, we greeted our
friends who had survived. The Cyclopes had saved Thalia from the fallen statue. She was on crutches, but
otherwise she was okay. Connor and Travis Stoll had made it through with only minor injuries. They
promised me they hadn't even looted the city much. They told me my parents were fine, though they
weren't allowed into Mount Olympus. Mrs. O'Leary had dug Chiron out of the rubble and rushed him off
to camp. The Stolls looked kind of worried about the old centaur, but at least he was alive. Katie Gardner
reported that she'd seen Rachel Elizabeth Dare run out of the Empire State Building at the end of the
battle. Rachel had looked unharmed, but nobody knew where she'd gone, which also troubled me.
Nico di Angelo came into Olympus to a hero's welcome, his father right behind him, despite the fact
that Hades was only supposed to visit Olympus on winter solstice. The god of the dead looked stunned
when his relatives clapped him on the back. I doubt he'd ever gotten such an enthusiastic welcome before.
Clarisse marched in, still shivering from her time in the ice block, and Ares bellowed, "There's my
girl!"
The god of war ruffled her hair and pounded her on the back, calling her the best warrior he'd ever
seen. "That drakon-slaying? THAT'S what I'm talking about!"
She looked pretty overwhelmed. All she could do was nod and blink, like she was afraid he'd start
hitting her, but eventually she began to smile.
Hera and Hephaestus passed me, and while Hephaestus was a little grumpy about my jumping on his
throne, he thought I'd done "a pretty bang-up job, mostly."
Hera sniffed in disdain. "I suppose I won't destroy you and that little girl now."
"Annabeth saved Olympus," I told her. "She convinced Luke to stop Kronos."
"Hmm," Hera whirled away in a huff, but I figured our lives would be safe, at least for a little while.
Dionysus's head was still wrapped in a bandage. He looked me up and down and said, "Well, Percy
Jackson. I see Pollux made it through, so I suppose you aren't completely inept. It's all thanks to my
training, I suppose." 