"Percy," my father said, "what exactly do you mean?"
"Kronos couldn't have risen if it hadn't been for a lot of demigods who felt abandoned by their
parents," I said. "They felt angry, resentful, and unloved, and they had a good reason."
Zeus's royal nostrils flared. "You dare accuse—"
"No more undetermined children," I said. "I want you to promise to claim your children—all your
demigod children—by the time they turn thirteen. They won't be left out in the world on their own at the
mercy of monsters. I want them claimed and brought to camp so they can be trained right, and survive."
"Now, wait just a moment," Apollo said, but I was on a roll.
"And the minor gods," I said. "Nemesis, Hecate, Morpheus, Janus, Hebe-—they all deserve a general
amnesty and a place at Camp Half-Blood. Their children shouldn't be ignored. Calypso and the other
peaceful Titan-kind should be pardoned too. And Hades—"
"Are you calling me a minor god?" Hades bellowed.
"No, my lord," I said quickly. "But your children should not be left out. They should have a cabin at
camp. Nico has proven that. No unclaimed demigods will be crammed into the Hermes cabin anymore,
wondering who their parents are. They'll have their own cabins, for all the gods. And no more pact of the
Big Three. That didn't work anyway. You've got to stop trying to get rid of powerful demigods. We're
going to train them and accept them instead. All children of the gods will be welcome and treated with
respect. That is my wish."
Zeus snorted. "Is that all?"
"Percy," Poseidon said, "you ask much. You presume much."
"I hold you to your oath," I said. "All of you."
I got a lot of steely looks. Strangely, it was Athena who spoke up: "The boy is correct. We have been
unwise to ignore our children. It proved a strategic weakness in this war and almost caused our
destruction. Percy Jackson, I have had my doubts about you, but perhaps"—she glanced at Annabeth, and
then spoke as if the words had a sour taste—"perhaps I was mistaken. I move that we accept the boy's
plan." 