Katherine wanted a fix. She knew it would only make her depression worse—buoy her up for a little while, then
make the blackness wider, the edges of the chasm harder to keep her feet on. Her therapist had warned her. Ann
Zedman had warned her. Her father had warned her. They were all part of the educational team, all looking out for
her best interests.
We're here to help you be successful again, Katherine.
Fuck that.
If there was anything worse than having a dad who was a teacher, it was having your dad at the same school as
you. And not just for a couple of years. A K–12 school. A small K–12 school, so you had thirteen years of absolute
hell, no breathing space, no room to be yourself. And if that wasn't bad enough, have your dad be best friends with
the headmistress for a gajillion years—Ann Zedman always over at your house, peeking into your life.
That was why Katherine loved the East Bay. It was hers.
At least, it had been until last week—the stupid cops separating her out, scolding her, asking what the hell she was
doing with those people. She remembered the ride home from the Oakland police station, her wrists raw from the
handcuffs, her anger building as her father glanced in the rearview mirror, insisting that she not tell her mother what
she'd been doing at the party because it would break her mother's heart. Katherine had snapped. She'd told her dad
everything—to hurt him, to prove it was even worse than he thought. She did have a life of her own. Friends of her
own.
Oh, Daddy.
She hated herself even more than she hated him. She'd told him. She'd ruined everything. Now he would send her
away to goddamn Texas.
Mallory tugged at her sleeve. “Come on, Kaferine. You got a double red.”
Katherine looked across the game board.
Mallory had been her dress-up doll, her pretend child, her toy self she could slip into whenever real life sucked
too bad. But now that Mallory had started kindergarten at Laurel Heights, Katherine felt sad every time she looked
at her. She never wanted to see them ruin this little girl, the way they'd ruined her. She never wanted to see Mallory
grow up.
She forced a smile, moved her double red.
Mallory drew Queen Frostine and squealed with delight.
It was an easy skip from Queen Frostine to King Kandy. Mallory won the game while Katherine was still back in
the Molasses Swamp.
“What can we play now?” Mallory asked. “Horses?”
“I have a better idea.”