She put it in the machine, waited for the intro music to start.
“I don't like that one,” Mallory complained.
“This is a good one, sweetie. I love this one.”
“Could we play a game? I like it when we play games.”
“Maybe later.” Katherine tried to keep the smile in place. It's paint, she told herself. Spread it a little thicker, hold
it in place, give it time to dry. “I'm going to lie down for a little bit. Okay?”
“You're getting sicker?”
“Just a little tired. I'll be fine.”
“Can I come, too?”
The plea tightened across Katherine's chest like a seatbelt. She felt the urge she'd been feeling for several weeks
now—to shed her possessions, to let Mallory know she loved her.
“Here, sweetie.” She unclasped her birthday necklace, poured the chain into Mallory's hands. “This is a present,
okay?”
“That's yours. It's your favorite.”
“Hold it for me. I want you to, Mal. I love you.”
“I love you too, Kaferine.”
“That's good. Now watch television for a while.”
Katherine closed her bedroom door, then went into her bathroom. She opened the brown paper bag. She took out
the spoon, the rubber tube, the lighter, the needle. She was surprised by the color of the heroin—almost white this
time, like baby powder. Her fingers were cold as she worked, but she knew how. She'd been taught by an expert—
deft hands, without fear, taking her wrist, tapping the inside of her forearm for a vein. Just like a nurse. Better than a
nurse. Oh God, Samuel. She would miss him.
Katherine shot up and immediately shuddered. This was better. This let her feel the sadness and the happiness at
the same time. Her dad was never coming home. They wouldn't have any more arguments. Her mom would never
yell again.
Katherine stared at the mirror, smiling at the girl there. She looked like her mom, only younger, without the
frustrations of raising some stupid kid.
Katherine wished her mother had gone back to college. Goddamn it, but Katherine would have preferred that.
She'd rather have her father at home, away from Laurel Heights, and her mother out making the money. Hadn't they
thought of that? Didn't it occur to them it would make them all happier?