Then the camouflage boy, Race, turned and saw them.
Olsen made a small noise in her throat like a bedspring snapping loose.
“Get in the car,” she told Mallory. “Now.”
She grabbed Mallory's arm, but underestimated the strength of a desperate kid.
With all ninety pounds of her body weight, Mallory shoved Olsen away, into the table, which collapsed under her.
Chess pieces clattered down the sidewalk and Mallory took off up Ocean View.
Chadwick saw things unfold in slow motion—Race coming out the door, reaching into his jacket; Olsen
scrambling up, not ready to defend herself; Mallory Zedman ducking into the alley behind the café dumpster.
Chadwick cursed, but he had to let Mallory run.
Race came around the corner.
Chadwick registered the boy's features with the instant clarity you get when looking at a person who is trying to
kill you—nappy rust hair, jawline like a lightning bolt, Arabic nose and eyes as hard and bright as amber.
Race's face transfixed him, resonating with an old, dark memory even as the gun came out of the boy's coat, the
muzzle rising toward his head.
Chadwick only unfroze when Olsen screamed his name.
His right fist caught Race in the nose, his left coming from underneath, hitting the kid's gut hard enough to slam
him backwards onto the sidewalk, where he curled into a combat-colored heap, the gun clattering into the street.
Olsen looked at Chadwick, her eyes blank.
“Come on,” he told her, then he ran.
Chadwick had lost precious time, but his stride carried him well. He saw Mallory at the opposite end of the alley.
She crashed into a sidewalk flower seller, knocked over a bucket of yellow roses, dashed into the street and barely
missed getting run over by an SUV.
Chadwick started closing the distance. When he came out of the alley, Mallory was pounding up the steps of the
BART station sandwiched between lanes of traffic on the Highway 24 overpass.
An eastbound train was pulling into the platform. Mallory could easily be on board before he got there.
Chadwick ran, kicked up a cloud of pigeons, took the stairs four at a time. He got into the terminal in time to hear
the station manager yell, “Hey!” and see Mallory hurdle the turnstile.
Chadwick yelled, “She's mine!” and jumped the gate.
The BART manager yelled, “HEY!” with more outrage.
The escalators to the platform were all moving the wrong way. This was the evening commute—everybody
coming back to Rockridge, not going out. Chadwick got up top, did a quick visual sweep. The wind and the cold
were intense, the view stunning—hills streaked with fog, lights of houses like fairy glow; the Oakland-Berkeley
flatlands spread out to the west, trickling to a point at the red and silver lights of the Bay Bridge; the Bay itself, an
expanse of liquid aluminum.
