“What would you have me do—punish him for his older brother?”
Chadwick had been trying to convince himself there was no connection. The fact that there was, and Ann
obviously knew about it, sparked a string of firecrackers in his stomach.
“Samuel Montrose was Katherine's dealer,” he said tightly. “He supplied the drugs that killed her. Your own
daughter identified the house they went to that night.”
“Yes. And the spring after you left, Mrs. Montrose applied for Race to come here. It was no accident. She knew
about the school because of Katherine. She desperately wanted her youngest son to have a good education.”
All Chadwick could do was stare at her—waiting for something. An apology? An explanation? Something.
Ann came around the desk. She sat on the edge, in front of him. Her hair, he saw, was frosted with the slightest
tinge of gray. A fine web of wrinkles spread from the corners of her eyes. She smelled like a holiday kitchen—cider
and nutmeg.
“Would you have advised me to turn him away?” she asked. “Race has three older brothers, all criminals. Samuel
left town years ago. The other two—nineteen-year-old twins—they're in jail for a convenience store robbery. He has
a sixteen-year-old sister who's pregnant and living in L.A. with a boyfriend. He has a schizophrenic grandmother,
and a mom who's attracted to abusive men. Why do you think Talia Montrose brought her youngest son to me,
Chadwick?”
“Spite.”
“You know it wasn't. She wanted the best for her son. She wanted one of her children, her baby, to escape. She
knew he was special, and she didn't know where else to go. And he is brilliant, Chadwick. I could tell he was gifted
even in first grade. Was I going to turn him away because someone in his family had done something evil? Look
into that seven-year-old's eyes and say, ‘I'm sorry, you can't come here. I have to assume you're going to grow up to
be a bad person'?”
“You're rationalizing.”
“Am I?”
“Because now you're paying the price. Race became best friends with your daughter. You wish it had never
happened.”
“You're talking like John. That's why he wants custody so badly. He'll tell you Mallory is an innocent victim and
I'm not worthy to be her mother, because I didn't protect her from bad influences. But you know better than that,
Chadwick. Mallory is who she is. No one corrupted her. No one made her a troubled child. Not Race. Not
Katherine.” Ann's eyes were the color of a waterfall. “Not even you and me.”