Another week of pickups—New York, Utah, St. Louis, Belize. Chadwick chased a boy across a rooftop, collared
him at the TV aerials, and dragged him down five flights of stairs by the scruff of his neck. He pulled a girl out of an
underage prostitution ring after breaking a two-by-four over her pimp's head with a little too much relish.
Olsen did her job with quiet efficiency. She related well to the kids, treated them with the right mix of respect and
firmness. She had no more nervous moments, betrayed no further scent of fear. She performed better than most of
the young women he'd trained that year—always women, since Hunter's rules stipulated a male and female escort
must work together on every assignment—but the whole week, she said maybe a dozen sentences off-duty. He could
feel her slipping away, withdrawing from the job, just like so many others.
The dropout rate for new escorts was eighty percent. The work was just too intense. It didn't take long for the
rookie to hit a job that really unnerved her—a situation that resonated in her nightmares like a diminished chord. For
Olsen, for whatever reason, it had been the Mallory Zedman pickup.
They got back to Texas late Friday night.
Saturday morning, after four hours' sleep, Chadwick was sitting on the deck of the Big Lodge, proctoring a White
Level study hall. He had his cell phone in his hand, tapping his thumb lightly on the numbers.
At the picnic tables behind him, a dozen white levels were bent to their work—writing essays, studying for AP
exams or SATs.
The morning was crisp and cool as the underside of a pillow, the sky scratched with high winter clouds, sunlight
gilding the hills and the wings of redtail hawks. The white levels didn't seem to notice. They labored so quietly that a
family of deer had gathered to graze the hillside not a hundred yards away.
The last year of his marriage, living in San Francisco, Chadwick had often fantasized about the Texas Hill
Country. He had imagined starting every day here, teaching kids in this setting, reinventing young lives. Now here
he was, thinking only about San Francisco