The cold had been no dream. It was worse than the night in the Toyota, worse than any cold Mallory had ever
known, because she'd been in it for days. Her whole body ached from shivering.
She didn't want to leave the small pool of warmth that had collected in her sleeping bag.
Fuck the drill sergeants. She wasn't going to move.
But Leyland and another instructor dragged her to her feet, tossed her a shirt that smelled like a dead animal—her
own smell. They forced her to get dressed in the dark, reminding her that she was wearing the same dirty black
fatigues as yesterday because she'd refused to wash them in the river when they'd told her to.
“You are here,” Leyland announced to them all, “because you have a problem.”
He walked back and forth between Mallory and the others, watching them fumble with their clothes.
“You are here because you failed your family,” he said, “not the other way around.”
Mallory's fingers were too numb to work the zipper. Her breath seeped out as mist, as if trying to expel the
remnants of her dream.
The cinder block cabin that passed for their dormitory had no electricity, no heat, no running water. Mallory
remembered bitterly, a million years ago, how she'd hoped to find a phone. There was no goddamn phone. There
was no goddamn outside world.
“This is not about your parents,” Leyland told them. “This is not about the bad breaks you've had in your
overprivileged young lives. THIS IS ABOUT YOU!”
If he only knew, Mallory thought bitterly.
She couldn't get rid of Pérez's image—those brown eyes staring straight into her like a coroner, or a dentist,
someone with no interest in her beyond the point of a scalpel.
The instructors herded them outside, called out their names—Zedman, Morrison, Smart, Bridges.
It wasn't light yet, but Mallory knew it was five o'clock sharp. That's what time they always came.
A full moon glowed through the dead oak branches, making bulbs of Spanish moss look like silver fur. The air
smelled of frost and wood rot, and the hills were moaning faintly, the way they did all night.
Nothing to worry about, the instructors had told her about the moaning—just a billion tons of granite contracting
with the temperature drop. But Leyland had smiled maliciously, as if he knew that Mallory stayed up wide-eyed at
night, ashamed to call for help, to admit that she was terrified of ghosts. How bad did Texas have to be, that even the
hills groaned?
