On Monday, Chadwick and Kindra Jones took a flight to Boston. They picked up a thirteen-year-old who'd been
expelled from his middle school for dealing Ecstasy and flew him to the Green Mesa facility in North Carolina. An
easy job. The kid knew it was either Dr. Hunter or Juvenile Hall.
Jones had dressed in another corduroy and flannel montage, her freshly braided cornrows glistening with styler.
She spent the plane trip arguing with the kid about whether Lauryn Hill or Dr. Dre was the bigger musical genius.
Chadwick, who had no opinion, read two chapters of a Theodore Roosevelt biography.
He called John Zedman from Raleigh-Durham International and got voice mail. He left a message, telling John he
was coming to town and wanted to meet.
He called Laurel Heights and got the secretary, who told him Ann was in a meeting with Ms. Reyes—no
interruptions.
Tuesday morning, he and Jones transferred a gray level who'd been diagnosed anorexic to Bowl Ranch in Utah.
Again, Jones fell into easy conversation with the kid, this time about the death of reality television. Between flights
at DFW, Chadwick called both the Zedmans and failed to get them. On the last call to John's house, a man with a
slight Spanish accent answered the phone.
Chadwick gave his name, and the man was silent so long Chadwick thought he'd hung up.
Finally the man said, “This is Emilio Pérez. Let me give you some advice.”
“I'd rather you put your boss on the phone.”
“You come out here, you'd best be returning the girl.”
“That's not open for discussion, Mr. Pérez.”
“Mr. Z? He remembers how you used to be a friend—only reason he hasn't let me hang you on a meat hook yet. Me? I got no sentimental problems. I know what you are. I know your game. You show your face, I'm going to
make Talia Montrose's murder look like a quiet death.”
The line went dead.
Kindra Jones came back from the TCBY, handed him a cup of yogurt with rainbow sprinkles and a pink plastic
spoon.
“Got chocolate for me and the kid,” she said. “Figured you for a vanilla man.”
Wednesday evening at Bowl Ranch, Chadwick stared out the lodge window at miles of red sandstone—rock
formations and stunted junipers marbled with snow like a Martian Christmas.
