oordinated the donations. I didn't have access to the money.”
Chadwick remembered David at the auction nine years ago—a gawky teenager with a raging case of zits, waving
his red flag to mark the high bidders.
“You still live in the East Bay?”
“Yes, sir. I've got a place in Berkeley. My parents', really, but they make me pay rent.”
“Your name came up in '93, when the police were looking into Katherine's death,” Chadwick told him. “I suppose
you know that.”
David's ears and neck turned bright red. “Like I told you—I wanted to write—”
“You introduced Katherine to Samuel Montrose. You took her there to buy drugs from him. After she broke up
with you, you knew she was seeing him, getting hooked on heroin, talking about running away. And you said
nothing.”
David rubbed his finger in the ashes on his shirttail.
“I took her there once,” he said, his voice tighter now. “That's all. I never went back. You can't make me feel
guiltier than I already do.”
“Seen Samuel recently?”
That got his attention. Chadwick couldn't quite read the look in his eyes—apprehension? Fear?
“No,” he said. “Of course not. Not for years. If I had—”
“You would've told someone. You're awfully anxious to be helpful, David. You called Sergeant Damarodas and
told him all about my daughter—gave him the connection between my family and the Montroses. You called the
media about the embezzlement.”
“What? I didn't—”
“Must've called the papers yesterday afternoon,” Chadwick said, “before Norma even notified the board, just to
make sure it made this morning's paper.”
David's face became darker, harder, as if invisible hands had decided to remold it. Chadwick had seen this often
with kids he picked up for escort—a sudden chemical change for battle mode, the moment they realized Chadwick
couldn't be convinced or conned into letting them go.
“You know what?” David said. “I should've left this place years ago, but I kept fucking coming back. This school
failed Katherine. You failed her. When I talked about writing you a letter? That's what I wanted to put in it. I hope
the banks foreclose on Laurel Heights. I hope they bulldoze this place to the fucking ground.”