John Zedman dreamed of a blasted-out apartment building—the kind of property he would purchase only if he
were preparing it for the wrecking ball.
In the dream, he stood high up on one of the top floors, the interior walls stripped away, the windows gutted so
that the night wind ripped through his jacket and sweater. In the distance, the lights of the hills shimmered like
birthday candles.
He was holding his .22 pistol to Chadwick's forehead—his old friend Chadwick, who had lashed their lives
together like burning galleons, slept with his wife, destroyed his family.
Chadwick knelt before him, eyes downcast, waiting for John's decision.
John's trigger finger tightened of its own volition, like wet rope contracting in the sun.
He woke up and his hand hurt from squeezing on the gun, but it wasn't a gun. He was holding a Laurel Heights
yearbook. He had fallen asleep looking at pictures from Mallory's kindergarten year, the only year they'd all been
together—Mallory, Katherine, Ann, Chadwick. All of them alive and well at the same school. Nineteen ninety-three.
Snapshots from the end of time.
John remembered thinking, in 1993, We can take care of this.
He remembered his confidence, the giddy feeling that came from riding a wave of financial success, feeling as
invulnerable as a god or a sixteen-year-old driver. But the memory was cold and empty. That had been some other
man, someone who had withered and died the same night as Katherine Chadwick.
Even those last hours at the auction, buying Chadwick a drink, sparring with him on the playground, John had had
a sense of foreboding. He'd known then that his life would come to this—his family disintegrated, his friends gone,
replaced by hirelings.
All he cared about was Mallory, but the past nine years he'd had another child to nurture—his own guilt growing
inside him, a burden so huge it sometimes flipped into anger, made him drink and smash picture frames and lash out
at the only people who mattered. He had hit his wife. He had threatened his daughter. He had done much worse.
He wanted to explain to Chadwick that he didn't hate Race Montrose. He had paid for Race's tuition willingly;
he'd felt almost relieved when the first blackmail letter came, years ago