By the time Chadwick returned to John's house in Marin, it was full dark, the fog settling in over the hilltops.
No cars in the driveway. No lights in the windows.
Chadwick thought it unlikely that John would've gone out, given his frazzled demeanor earlier, but there was no
response when he rang the bell.
After two more tries, he felt the weight of the silence build on him, the need to do something. He tried the door.
Locked.
He went around to the side window—the one that John always used to leave unlatched, even when Ann scolded
him for doing so. It was latched, but easily undone with Chadwick's penknife. He jimmied it open and slipped
inside.
He moved through the house, sensing that there was no one here, but feeling he should call out, just in case—
make a pretense of respecting John's property.
He couldn't make himself call. The silence was too heavy.
In the foyer, the voice-mail button was blinking on the phone. Chadwick hit redial, tried Mallory's birthday for
the pass code, and was rewarded with four new messages—one from a real estate client, one from a reporter asking
about the Laurel Heights scandal, one from an FBI special agent named Laramie, confirming an appointment for the
next morning. The last message was the shortest, a voice Chadwick recognized as Emilio Pérez, saying simply,
“Everything's cool. I'll call you.”
Chadwick hit the save button, hung up the phone. He turned on the living room lights and noticed the blank space
on the wall—a space where he was sure a framed painting had hung that afternoon. He went over, touched his finger
to a nickel-sized hole. It could've been where a mounting hook had ripped loose. Or it could've been a bullet hole.
He scanned the floor—found a wet spot by the fireplace where the carpet had been scrubbed. And another, closer
to the stairs.
Chadwick's throat tightened.
At the base of the stairs, he heard music, very faint, like a television going softly in one of the bedrooms above.
He went upstairs, wishing for the first time in years that he carried a gun.
In the master bedroom, the television was playing a cartoon. John's bed was made, fresh pajamas neatly folded on
the pillow. Nothing out of place that Chadwick could see. No sign of a struggle. On the nightstand was a picture of
Mallory at about six years old. Chadwick could tell, from the brilliance of her gap-toothed smile, it had been taken
before Katherine's suicide