There was a sound like Velcro ripping, and Mallory dropped a millimeter, the pit of her stomach threatening to
yank out the bottom of her shoes.
“What—what was that?” she yelled.
Olsen's voice—for a terrible half second—wasn't there.
“Mallory, other hand,” she called, the new urgency in her voice making Mallory's joints freeze. “Both hands on
the line. Now.”
Mallory tried, but her arms wouldn't obey her. The rain stung her eyes. She swung and saw Leyland, his face now
pale.
“Mallory!” Olsen shouted again. “You need to get back up.”
“I can't!”
“Other hand!”
“I can't!”
Leyland came into view again, frantically hooking cables to his harness, his left foot already out on the bridge.
There was another Velcro rip, and Mallory dropped another millimeter, her one good handgrip on the slick rope
slipping away.
She could hear confused voices below now—Dr. Hunter, the other kids shouting through the storm.
This isn't happening to me. It isn't.
She realized her shoulder didn't feel so constricted now. The belt around her waist was loose. She was unraveling
in midair.
“Please, God . . .” Her voice didn't sound like her own.
“Right above you!” It was Olsen. “No—I mean left. The rope, Mallory! It's right there.”
“Where?”
She felt the line trembling through her harness as Leyland worked his way toward her—too far away. Much too
far. This isn't happening to me.
Another ripping noise, and then the foot line bowed against her forearm, and she grabbed it, shaking off a string
of raindrops into her face. She got her other hand on the line. Olsen was yelling encouragement, urging her to hang
on.
Then Leyland was there, lifting her up with one arm, making sure her feet found the bridge. He crushed her
against him with one arm, and they slid together—across the river. Even after they reached the opposite platform,
after Leyland had threaded an emergency line around her waist and rappelled her to the ground—Mallory still felt
the world swaying. She crumpled onto all fours, soaked and shivering.
