Mallory giving her the silent treatment?
It had been days since Mallory thought about running. In truth, she couldn't imagine going back to San Francisco —to Race, to Laurel Heights, to her parents. But the nightmares still pressed in on her: Talia Montrose, Katherine,
the sound of her harness ripping, the dizzying jolt of free fall through the rain.
Mallory was so tired of being scared. She felt a sudden powerful urge to confide in Olsen, to get everything off
her chest, to tell her the crazy things she'd been thinking. She should accept the fact that the accident was just an
accident, like Hunter said. These people would take care of her. She truly wanted to get through Black Level. She
wanted to work with horses all day. She wanted to learn to ride.
But she couldn't escape the feeling she'd been betrayed up on the rope bridge. She was in danger. Olsen and
Leyland and Hunter had failed her, just like Katherine had, and tomorrow they would abandon her, send her out into
the wilderness by herself. She knew she was being childish, but she'd snubbed Olsen all day, trying to let her know
how badly she'd been scared. When she thought about last night, the old heroin hunger twisted her gut. The old
anger flared up. And she considered Olsen's road.
Mallory tried to put away the idea. She trudged off toward the rocks, collecting branches as she went.
Before long, the last rays of the sun were cutting through the woods, the shadows of the trees and the limestone
boulders as thick as India ink.
She worked so intently she didn't hear Olsen until she crouched next to her.
“The rock is a good idea, Mal, but you're on the cold side.”
Every muscle in Mallory's body tensed. She picked another branch, laid it against the rock.
“Been in the shade all day,” Olsen explained. “The other side has been baking. It'll let off heat for several hours
into the night.”
“I've already built the shelter.”
It was a pretty bold description for the meager thing she'd constructed—a ragged line of branches propped against
the rock face. She'd seen card houses that were more substantial.