“You said Katherine met another friend at the Montroses' house,” he told Mallory. “Somebody who gave her that
heroin. You told me this, and then you want to slip back into the program and not be bothered?”
“I thought you wanted to help me.”
“I do. I also want to know why you're afraid to tell me the truth.”
Mallory shifted under her coat, her hands punching the fabric up closer to her chin. Chadwick realized that one of
the things she was scared of was him.
“I'm not afraid,” she said. “I just wish Pérez hadn't been wearing that bulletproof vest.”
“Shit,” Jones said. “That's the second thing she's said I agree with.”
Train cars rumbled past—stacks of new automobiles glinting through the steel mesh siding, brown freight
containers spray-painted with gangster love notes from Houston or the Rio Grande Valley or God-knew-where: MI
CORAZON 4 E.P. LUPE N JOE SIEMPRE.
“John is dead,” Chadwick said, feeling it in his heart for the first time. “Ann's career is destroyed. Someone
punished them to get at me, someone who knows every detail about my daughter's suicide. I'm not going to sit back
and trust the police to figure out who.”
“Fine,” Jones said. She threw the car into Park. “Have fun.”
“Kindra.”
“Do what you want, Chad. Get yourself arrested for kidnapping. I'll walk back to Cold Springs.”
She opened the car door and stormed out, heading toward the train as if she were going to take it on, mano á
mano.
Chadwick reached over to the ignition, removed the keys.
“Stay here,” he told Mallory.
“But—”
He got out, not waiting for her to finish.
The wind from the train was like asthmatic breathing; Jones was throwing rocks in the spaces between the cars.
“The girl told you what she needs,” she said. “Why don't you listen?”
“She's hiding. She knows something that scares her.”
“Yeah? So do I. In the last week, you've spent more time digging up your past than you have helping kids. You
caught two people the cops want to see—that Race kid. Now Pérez. And you let them both go. It's almost like you
don't want a solution. Like you get off on the pain. That scares me, Chad. It really does.”