I'd like to say my day got better from there. Of course it didn't.
That afternoon we had an assembly at the campfire to burn Beckendorf's burial shroud and say our
good-byes. Even the Ares and Apollo cabins called a temporary truce to attend.
Beckendorf's shroud was made out of metal links, like chain mail. I didn't see how it would burn, but
the Fates must've been helping out. The metal melted in the fire and turned to golden smoke, which rose
into the sky. The campfire flames always reflected the campers' moods, and today they burned black.
I hoped Beckendorf's spirit would end up in Elysium. Maybe he'd even choose to be reborn and try
for Elysium in three different lifetimes so he could reach the Isles of the Blest, which was like the
Underworld's ultimate party headquarters. If anyone deserved it, Beckendorf did.
Annabeth left without a word to me. Most of the other campers drifted off to their afternoon activities.
I just stood there staring at the dying fire. Silena sat nearby crying, while Clarisse and her boyfriend,
Chris Rodriguez, tried to comfort her.
Finally I got up the nerve to walk over. "Hey, Silena, I'm really sorry."
She sniffled. Clarisse glared at me, but she always glares at everyone. Chris would barely look at me.
He'd been one of Luke's men until Clarisse rescued him from the Labyrinth last summer, and I guess he
still felt guilty about it.
I cleared my throat. "Silena, you know Beckendorf carried your picture. He looked at it right before
we went into battle. You meant a lot to him. You made the last year the best of his life."
Silena sobbed.
"Good work, Percy," Clarisse muttered.
"No, it's all right," Silena said. "Thank . . . thank you, Percy. I should go."
"You want company?" Clarisse asked.
Silena shook her head and ran off.
"She's stronger than she looks," Clarisse muttered, almost to herself. "She'll survive."
"You could help with that," I suggested. "You could honor Beckendorf's memory by fighting with
us."
Clarisse went for her knife, but it wasn't there anymore. She'd thrown it on the Ping-Pong table in the 